Nikon has today announced the D2Xs, a subtly upgraded D2X.
The key points of improvement are a larger 2.5" LCD monitor, 
electronic masking of the focusing screen in high-speed crop mode.
The modified metering in high-speed crop mode, a longer lasting battery.
The black and white mode, Adobe RGB in all color modes.
It have 3 custom tone curves, 1/3 step ISO boost options, in-camera trim function.
The image authentication system compatible and save/load settings between cameras.
HP has today made an announcement that they are to reveal a new range of imaging products
including four digital cameras and six printers.
The announcement includes some detail about a new camera,
the R967 which features a ten megapixel CCD sensor and a three inch LCD monitor.
It joins the new R827 which both feature high sensitivity modes which can be enabled to avoid camera shake.
As well as the D2Xs Nikon are also announcing two new software packages.
The first is Nikon Camera Control Pro which is a development of Nikon Capture Camera Control.
This new 'Pro' version compatible with Nikon Capture NX, other differences aren't made clear by the press release.
The second is Nikon Image Authentication (Windows only) which enables the verification of the authenticity of images captured with the D2Xs. 
It can report if the image information (metadata) or image data itself has been modified.
Since the image was taken and is clearly aimed at the law enforcment, government, media and insurance markets.
Fujifilm has today announced the FinePix Z3 Zoom camera sporting 5.1 million pixels, ISO up to 1600 and a 36-108mm lens.
A marginal update to the Z2, the Z3 adds Intelligent-Flash mode and a higher resolution 2.5-inch screen.
The Z3 will be available in silver, metallic blue and light pink. Must be why it's marketed at us ladies...
Nikon also announced pricing for three upcoming software products.
Nikon Camera Control (which does just as it sounds, even wirelessly) is expected to ship in July for $70.
If you want to be sure that your images are untouched then you might be interested in the Nikon Image Authentication Software.
Finally there's Nikon Capture NX, which will be out this summer for $150.
I've been playing around with a beta of Capture NX lately and really like what it can do.  Cyber-shot DSC-W100
With a 8.1-megapixel CCD, 3x optical zoom lens, and a well-designed user interface, the Sony W100 offers a lot in a small package.
It's a good choice for the advanced amateur who will depart from the point-and-shoot automatic and explore full manual exposure control.
The W100's small size allows easy toting, while still sporting both an optical viewfinder and a big LCD.
If you're looking for a good "take anywhere" camera with great versatility, the Sony W100 deserves a closer look.  Cyber-shot DSC-T30
The DSC-T30 continues a Sony tradition of high quality in the subcompact category,
packing more features into a smaller space than most anything else out there, but this time with the added bonus of optical image stabilization.
Like those of other recent T-series models,
we found the lens on the Sony T30 to be of higher than average quality for a subcompact camera, and image quality was quite good as a result.
The 7-megapixel CCD delivers plenty of resolution for large prints. The Sony DSC-T30 is a delight to use,
and its Super SteadyShot image stabilization made a huge difference in our ability to hand-hold long exposures.
If you're looking for a high quality super-compact camera with image stabilization for excellent images in low light, give the Sony T30 a closer look.
HP announces four new digital cameras.
The 10-megapixel HP Photosmart R967 digital camera featuring a 3-inch LCD monitor, leads the lineup, and as the new R827.
The camera feature a new innovation called
HP steady photo anti-shake that utilizes high-sensitivity ISO with HP imaging technology to help prevent blurred photos.
Rounding out the HP Photosmart digital camera introductions are the easy-to-use HP E427 and the ultra-compact HP M627
Kodak's EasyShare C533 is yet another appealing digicam in the entry-level consumer class.
Offering average image quality, good performance,
and plenty of helpful exposure modes, the C533 will make a great choice for anyone looking for
an affordable alternative to disposable 35mm film cameras.
With an MSRP of about $179, it offers great "bag for your buck" for a 5-megapixel model
The HP Photosmart E427 Digital Camera features 6-megapixel resolution and 5x digital zoom,
enabling users to produce true-to-life 4 x 6-inch prints and enlargements up to poster size.
Snap photos quickly and easily - frame and view on the large, 2-inch image display.
Imaging Resource reviews the Sony Cyber-shot DSC-W100 and writes.
Featuring an impressive 8.1-megapixel CCD, 3x optical zoom lens, and a well-designed user interface,
the Cyber-shot DSC-W100 offers quite a bit in its small package.
Novices and advanced amateurs alike will appreciate its offering of both point-and-shoot automatic and full manual exposure control,
and its six pre-programmed scene modes help with more tricky subjects.
The large, bright 2.5-inch color LCD monitor is excellent for framing and reviewing shots,
and the overall design and layout of the DSC-W100 is user-friendly and hassle-free.
Dimensionally it's not too small and not too big, not too slim or too fat.
Its size allows for both an optical viewfinder and a big LCD, as well as a good fit in the hand and pocket.
We were particularly impressed with the printed output from the W100,
which included enlargements up to 13x19 with decent quality,
and 8x10 prints at ISO 800. Performance at ISO 400 is now quite good by comparison,
with output at 11x14 looking like yesterday's 8x10s at this size.
If you're looking for a good “take anywhere” camera with great versatility and good color and tonality,
the Sony DSC-W100 deserves a close look.
The Kodak EasyShare V570 is a compact 5.0-megapixel design that provides a wide spectrum of preset shooting modes,
an easy-to-understand interface, and a handful of creative exposure options.
Its big feature is its dual lens design which combines a 3x zoom with an impressive 23mm wide angle lens.
Part of the Kodak "Pocket Series," the Kodak V570 is very compact, with low-profile controls that won't snag pockets.
Kodak's EasyShare Software is another big part of the story.
Especially in its latest implementation, it walks you through every step of uploading, enhancing,
and emailing your photos, and has about the most graphically intuitive interface of any consumer imaging software I've seen.
It automatically sizes the images for printing or emailing, stores copies, applies simple effects,
and allows you to make image corrections, such as color, brightness, and contrast adjustments.
The entire line of EasyShare cameras has some of the most goof-proof digital cameras out there,
and the V570 and Kodak's latest Picture Software carry on that tradition admirably.
The Kodak C360 offers a fairly standard 3x zoom lens, equivalent to a 34-102 mm zoom on a 35mm camera.
(That's a moderate wide angle to a moderate telephoto.)
The camera's autofocus mechanism uses a multi-zone system to "find" the primary subject closest to the lens.
The AF area is marked in the LCD display with a set of brackets.
You can also change the AF area to read only the center of the frame, through the Record menu.
Also available through the Record menu are Single and Continuous AF modes,
the Continuous option helping you maintain focus on a moving subject.
The C360 has a maximum aperture ranging from f/2.7 to f/5.2,
depending on the zoom position. Focus ranges from 24 inches (60 centimeters) to infinity in normal mode,
with a Macro mode getting as close as 2.0 inches 12 centimeters.
The minimum Macro focus distance depends on the zoom setting.
A Landscape focus mode fixes focus at infinity, for distant subjects and scenery.
In addition to the 3x optical zoom, the Kodak C360 also offers as much as 5x digital zoom,
which effectively increases the camera's zoom range to a total of 15x.
Keep in mind though, that digital zoom decreases the overall image quality,
since it just stretches the center pixels of the CCD image. For composing images,
the C360 offers both a real-image optical viewfinder as well as a 2.0-inch color LCD monitor.
Closely based on the existing EX-S500 model,
the Casio EXILIM CARD EX-S600 shares a near-identical body to its predecessor that is at once attractive and rather pocket-friendly,
keeping protrusions to a minimum when the lens is stowed.
The Casio S600 features an updated CCD imager with higher resolution of six megapixels,
as well as slightly closer macro focusing distance of 15 centimeters, 50% improved battery life in CIPA tests,
an LCD display that is said to be twice as bright as in past models,
and a new "Revive Shot" mode which aims to restore bright colors to images of prints that have gradually faded over the years.
Other features on the Casio EX-S600 are much the same as the original S500 model,
including a 3x optical zoom lens, 2.2" LCD display, power from an NP-20 Lithium Ion battery,
8.3MB of built-in memory, SD / MMC card storage, and a bundled cradle that provides high-speed USB,
video and DC input connectivity. A variety of body colors are available, with zippy names like Sparkle Silver,
Fiesta Orange, Mistral Blue and Luminous Gold, although the exact color choices do vary by market.
Just when you thought the megapixel war was over,
the Casio EXILIM ZOOM EX-Z1000 offers a whopping ten megapixel resolution from a 1/1.8"-type CCD sensor,
coupled to Casio's proprietary EXILIM Engine image processor.
Sensitivity ranges from ISO 100 to 400 equivalent by default.
With the ability to extend to ISO 800 in "Anti-Shake" mode
Not to be confused with mechanical anti-shake systems employed in some digicams, this mode will increase sensitivity and hence shutter speed,
although at the expense of extra noise and/or reduced image detail).
Finally, the camera's sensitivity maxes out at ISO 3200 equivalent in the "High Sensitivity" Best Shot mode.
It will certainly be interesting to see how Casio has managed to get a handle on noise from such a high resolution sensor,
particular at a sensitivity that's ordinarily the territory of digital SLRs. Certainly,
at 1/1.8" the EX-Z1000's sensor is a bit larger than those in many digicams.
It is still significantly smaller than any DSLR sensor.
The digital camera packs in resolution and a maximum sensitivity that not many DSLRs exceed.
The super-slim, feature-packed Vivicam 8300s digital camera is ideal for all your digital imaging needs.
The camera is equipped with an 8.5-megapixel,
24-bit color CCD image sensor that delivers a maximum resolution of approximately 3,250 x 2,500 pixels,
along with a 3.x optical power zoom lens that ranges from 7.5 to 22.5 mm.
Add in the vast selection of exposure modes and controls and a small chassis that fits easily
in most pockets and you have a camera that lends itself to both creative photographers and snapshot hobbyists.
In addition, the oversized 2.5-inch LCD is big enough to make critical framing evaluations during recording and playback.
Finally, the Vivicam 8300s comes with photo editing software. The software is particularly convenient,
as it preps the photos for e-mail, posting to the Web, or printing.
And because of the camera's high-resolution output, you can rest assured that even large print images will look detailed and vivid.
Additional features include auto focus with both spot and multi-point metering,
automatic white balance with five presets and manual override, exposure control,
built-in auto-flash, and a self-timer with 2, 10, or 10+2 second settings.
The Kodak Easyshare Z650 is a super zoom digital camera. This is a six megapixel camera with a 10 times optical zoom lens.
It does not have image stabilisation.
As with other similar models the Easyshare Z650 has a range of manual features to give you full control over the photo.
If you prefer you can use the camera as a simple point and shoot.
The 10x optical zoom lens has a focal length equivalent to 38 - 380mm in 35mm format.
There is also a 5x digital zoom function.
For close up shots the camera can focus from 12cms from the subject.
As the first digicam not made by Sony to accept the Sony Memory Stick,
Konica's Digital Revio KD-400Z marks a revolution in digicam thinking.
The dual-slot digicam also accepts the tiny SD memory cards,
making the camera more compatible with PDAs and other high-tech personal devices.
In the age of Palm Pilots and multi-function, whiz-bang cell phones, the KD-400Z's flexibility is a valuable asset.
Adding to the KD-400Z's attractions are its tiny size and stainless steel alloy body. Compact and rugged,
the KD-400Z should stand up to heavy usage. The sliding lens cover design eliminates the need for a lens cap,
enhancing the camera's charms for travelers. Small enough for a shirt pocket, the KD-400Z has a wrist strap for easy toting.
The 3x zoom lens and 4.0-megapixel CCD capture high resolution, print quality images, with great color and detail.
With high-tech simplicity and ease-of-use forefront in the KD-400Z's design,
The camera's point-and-shoot operation is quick to learn and convenient.
The KD-400Z also features a Movie mode, activated through the Record menu.
The camera captures moving images with sound for as long as 15 seconds, at the 320 x 240-pixel resolution setting.
The amount of available memory card space also determines the length of movie files.
You can also record short sound clips to accompany images, for a maximum of 15 seconds
or as long as the memory card has available space. Audio clips can be recorded with an image or anytime afterwards.
The camera's Self-Timer mode offers a short delay
anywhere from 10 to three seconds between the time the Shutter button is pressed and the shutter actually opens,
giving you time to zip around in front of the camera for a self-portrait.
As mentioned above, the KD-400Z stores images on Sony Memory Sticks or SD/MMC memory cards,
both available separately in a variety of storage capacities.
A 16MB SD card ships with the camera, but I recommend picking up a higher-capacity card,
given the maximum 2,304 x 1,704-pixel resolution.
Two megabytes of internal flash memory provides a small buffer for temporarily saving images or for use when copying files between memory cards.
The camera utilizes a rechargeable DR-LB4 lithium battery pack for power,
which comes with the camera, along with a battery charger.
An AC adapter is available as a separate accessory.
The KD-400Z features a USB jack and cable for downloading images to a computer.
Two CD-ROMs also come with the camera, loaded with Adobe Photoshop Elements, the full user guide, and the necessary USB drivers.
